Persistent Systems (Technical Round 1)                                                        1. Introduce yourself.
Tell me one thing that you hate about Kolkata.
What is Encapsulation?
What is I made the data members as public/private inside a class, will it be still a encapsulation?
What is inheritance?
How can you achieve code reusability without using inheritance?
Write a code(pen/paper) for printing the pattern
	          *
     *     *     *                                                                        *   *      *     *     *
    *      *     *
           *
8.  Write a code(pen/paper) for printing the pattern
      1
      2    3
      4    5     6
      7     8     9     10
What is Normalization?
Given a table, tell me whether it is in normalized form or not?

Persistent Systems (Technical Round 2)
2 codes to solve- first is sort the array elements on basis of their frequency. Frequency should be from high to low.
  Second one is a story type code- an array based sums
Introduce yourself.
What is your favourite subject?
What is the preferred language you code in ?
What is encapsulation?
Difference between throw and throws?
Difference between abstract class and inheritance?
What is singleton class?
How do you make a class as singleton?
How many types of Constructors are there? What are they?
What is the use of inheritance?
Difference between multitasking and multithreading?
There are 2 jars of capacity 5 litres and 3 litres. There is also a tap. You can take plenty of water from it and also can throw away water from any of the jars. You have to make total of 4 litres of water somehow.
There are 6 coins each weigh 10 gms. There is another 1 coin which weighs 9 gms.
You have a weighing balance. How can you find out the 9 gm coin from among the all 7 coins in minimum 2 attempts of weight measure?

Persistent Systems (HR)
Introduce yourself.
Your family background, strength and weaknesses and hobbies.
What are the online contests or hackathons you have participated in?
Tell me about your final year project?
Would you be ready to relocate to west of Rajasthan ?
When is the persistent systems came into existence?
Who is the CEO of Persistent systems?
What is the position of this company in stock markets right now?


