First was technical round.

First they introduced themselves. Then i was asked to tell me about myself.

The First Question to me was, You have an amazing GATE rank so why do you still want to come in the technical field? Why not pursue higher education from reputed institutes? 

Where do you see youself in two years?
No, I meant, where do you see yourself in two years in your career, in your job field?

OKay, can you tell me about Polymorphism?

i forgot about method overriding. she asked me about it. so i replied:

Now tell me about abstract classes?

Have you ever used Abstract classes?

Then asked about my project what does my project do overview and how works?
<explained WRS>

Now open code editor, there are two strings, remove the occurance of every letter of the second string from the first string. Use any language, explain the working in elaborate way. 

What is the angle between hour and minute hand when the clock is 1:07?

Lets assume you are in the third floor and you want to go to the fifth floor. Draw me a flowchart where you will use a lift.
<at first i forgot the place where i have to push the lift calling button I realised this mid way. so after i finished i immediately without letting the other person speak, said that i have missed an important thing which is this. the lady recruiter smiled :) >

Alright do you have any questions for us?

Acha Arijit, Lets assume that you gave gate the next year too and you have scored an evem better rank, then what would be your take?

The lady recruiter said "Amazing, Am-azing. it was wonderful interviewing you Arijit. All the best , Thank you!"
THe only thing was she said this with a straight face, damn, i thought she might be sarcastic with my last answer xD

___________________

Then was the HR round.
He introduced himself and asked me the same.
I introduced in almost the same way.

What have you studied about the company?

then he explained about the company and the job role.

Well arijit, tell me about your strengths and weakness relating to the career.

Asked if i watch movies, and then asked if i watched the movie "die hard", then gave a puzzle that i have 5l and 3l jugs and i want 3l how to get? after answering to this, he asked if water can only be filled in 3l jug, then how get 4l?

If hypothetically you wake up tomorrow with a super power what would that be and why?

Any questions?

He ended with "One thing i liked about you, that you speak very confidently i really like that. "
6:35 PM
Forwarded
